[Test Recorder] Fix an issue where not all browser requests are recorded (#10013)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/test-utils/recorder/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0 (Unreleased)

## 2020-07-10

> - [Bug Fix] Fixed an issue in browser recording where some recorded requests are not saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bug Fix] Fixed an issue where the browser-recording file is saved before all the recorded requests are pushed to the array of recordings(request-response pairs).
```
More info suggesting that the final requests of the test are not being saved or something in these lines?

Author: Looks good!  The missing ones are not necessarily the final/last requests though.  It depends on how long a request takes.
